[Unknown]:  Let's go. Alright, thanks.Come in.Kurt?Good?You got a paper towel right here?Like a napkin and fuckin' sweat and the balls on. I don't know if it's going to work. I agree.We get to the side. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. If it's part of the investigation, we don't have to act.It's not for investigation.It is.You don't know what we need.It's not to happen over here.Okay, we need to make it bigger, that's what we're saying.I'm just giving you notice of the merger that this is private promise.I'm just being polite and honorable.Okay.This is private property. They're giving you notice.Okay.Okay.What I'm telling you is that if it comes down and that we need to come on it, we will.That's all I'm saying.No, you will not.That you can't do that.That's not how it works.Okay.Can we be, can we be real happy?Have I, have I, have I been disrespectful?Have I say anything?I don't know.When I say that, I'm just giving you notice that this is private property.What I'm saying?And I'm going to help and assist. But this is probably the problem.What I am telling you, nothing happened over here.I am saying.Nothing happened over here.I'm literally trying to just talk.And you just keep cutting me off.I'm just trying to have a conversation.I'm literally trying to explain something.If it necessitates, we will.That's all I'm saying.Now, a grant, I wasn't here.I don't know.I don't know what happened.All I'm saying.No one came on my land.Okay, because you said no in the table, right? So before there was a situation about it, all I was trying to say, if the situation necessitated and it became apparent and necessary, we would take the space.That's all I was saying?I didn't say anything about it.So it was okay to steal?If we just needed to block it off for whatever reason.No, you just said it was okay to take.I was making sure that the video says the same thing, you're true saying.You said it's okay to steal. Am I permanently depriving you of it?Yes, you said.You just said, take.Hasn't take this place.No, no, no.Yeah, yeah.That didn't mean stealing.So we're not doing any stealing.I'm not going to steal.I'm not going to steal.I'm not going to steal.Can I pick up a walk away with your house?That's not the point.Office of virtue?That's not the point.We're talking law.You said, take.We're not taking anything.I'm going to take it from you.You're not taking it from me.We're going to be honorable.OK, so if we want to talk law, right, you have a reasonable expectation of privacy, correct?Reasonable?No. No, I'm not part of that.No, no.Okay, let's talk about it.You want to get into a lesson today?I'm trying to be honorable.But do you understand jurisdiction?I do.That's what I'm trying to explain to you.The Fourth Amendment provides you a reasonable expectation.I'm not a U.S. citizen.First of all, that's the more.Being that you live in United States, No, I don't.You have a way in there.You have a way in there.You know that?That just happens in B and 9, which is a part of the United States, okay?Because you are in this vicinity, right?We'll say you're provided a certain exemption, right?You're provided certain protections and that's just policing or whatever it is, right?I'm not bothering you, right?You don't bother me.So all I was trying to say was, okay, you were trying, okay, go in this scenario with that. If somebody says, hey, we need to block this off because X or X and Y would happen.Yes.And I would say, hey, we don't have to act.We're just going to do it at this time.We're not going to take it forever until they're done.Then we can, we can be done with it.But all I'm saying is that as soon as the tape went up, you were just like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.And I'm just like, hey, before we get there, if we need it, you know, that's all I was doing. You can't say you can't say I didn't say he didn't say anything You did I'll give you that I will I will consider that that you did say that now I'm not right now I'm not saying that I'm not trying to be a jerk I'm not trying to be rude obviously your property is your property I'm not gonna take anything for anybody that I don't need or I don't want or I don't have to take right all I'm saying was that if we needed to put crime scene save up across the yard for a brief moment just to check himself out if a street one happened to go somewhere what No, again, I'm just saying like hypothetically speaking, so like this is for anybody's house.You know, if a house was randomly struggling, we may have had something to do with it.If we have to take tape, obviously people don't agree with it, but obviously, I just want to at least explain understand why, right?All those I can't notice or whatever can happen illegally.Absolutely.I understand that.So, civil. What was the word you kept what was the word you can't use it?Honorable yeah Honorable yeah, okay, we're doing what you say Absolutely But this is what you want.The one that I'm pointing there.You can go.We can deduce that I couldn't out park right there.I stay literally right there.Oh, okay.Your car can make it.But you can take the stuff into the house and once the tape is down, I don't know how long it's going to be, but if you want to walk in your house.Yeah, you can walk around the tape.It's everything on the right side.It's fine.So you can get your stuff and you can come back for your car later if you want.Well, obviously you can have to. It's a good touch here. Thank you very much. You gotta get out.I'm gonna go live, we go live to take.Excuse me.I gotta get my friend for this. Merchant.Merchant.Merchant.Merchant.Merchant.Merchant. Don't put it on that first piece of there.It might not make it bad. I think, well, my camera's on, I just want to let you know.I really want to watch you play something.You did?Those guys came back and worked for quarter, quarter, quarter.Well, you never played four halves.Yeah.And then, well, three.Yeah, we never played three, but then we did.And the third, I was gassed out, man.I didn't have any more juice in the legs.What's up?They're playing here. It was a good little game.The first two halves were the best, but that third half, that third, 30 minutes, I just couldn't hang.What do you mean you had this short stuff?You had it?I know, it was all my tiptoes. Who is this?It must be us.Yeah, I'll stick it. That was awesome.That was awesome.That was brilliant. Hey, Chief.Sir, what's your name?Sorry, we carried on an entire conversation.Paid?Paid.Paid?Paid?I got an earpiece in there.I know.What were you from?Originally?Yeah, originally from New York.It's not me.Oh, really from New York?Yeah, you never heard of the ancient people who actually are the airs of this land or the bays and elves.I know you know that.Don't tell me you don't know that.You so... Because you will be really... I'd really be, I'd be not, that would be that.You'd be doing the problem, you would be doing the problem done on it, done our ability shit.Cause everybody knows about the Bayes and Elves.So everybody knows the more.So don't, historically speaking, you want to, you want a Supreme Court case to get?No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no, but that's one case that I'm gonna grab it I'm gonna tell you it is it's the heirs of Turner versus United States Heirs of Turner?The heirs of Turner.Oh heirs like the heirs.Okay.Get to the land right right versus the United States Okay, tell you right then the first first synopsis of the paragraph.We own the land.Okay.I'm not so that's all I'm saying I just wanted to share that with you so anything that you came out of that it would kind of like I'm going to write it down.See that?What's that?That's my joy.I think you, I think you, I think you BS in me, but I promise you, I'm not hairs of turner.That's the exact, but I think that's the type of angle we should come up.Versus your ass.Yeah.I will look at it.I give you my word, Mr. Bill.Yeah, no.So, no, historic.So, what were you, what were you about to say?Historicly, I am familiar with the Bays.Yes.If you guys are familiar with it.Historicly, I am familiar. Um, to say I am as knowledgeable as one like yourself is would be happy line.And my normal experience in the county within our generally sovereign citizens at work.Okay.I know.So you know, are you college educated?Yeah.Okay.You made with etymology? Not as much as one should be.Oh, but yes.So when you say sovereign citizens, it's no such thing.So you say that's why I asked you the question before I asked you the question, were you educated?I said etymology.Etymology is the root of every word.So it gives you the true meaning, not what someone wrote in a dictionary.So insane sovereign citizenship can't be sovereign. and we're part of a more science temple, Jeff Governing.I'm going to tell you what it came from.805 statues, hers revised statues in Illinois.If you look up hers revised statues in Illinois, it gives us our sovereign power just like the Vatican.So you understand that you can make the correlation in your mind.Makes sense?It does.That's all it is.That's it.It ain't no more to it than that.So we're going to confuse it. And try to make up other stuff.That's the correlation.So now you got in your mind.Okay, it's just like I've been looking at one of the pope's ministers.Yes, that's who I am.That's the correlation to keep it simple in your mind so you don't have to think of something. or use the word you just use, which is actually disrespectful number one, it is.But you didn't know.Now, you know.Right.Well, you even still, I'm gonna say, I'll apologize.Never be sorry.Never be sorry.Sorry to stay to be in.Right.Now, you put your knoll now.You're educated.Absolutely.So that's it.You can knock him.Okay.Now, so you can, in your mind, you got, okay, this ain't no.He just, he just, he just, he just, right?Which he has rights to.Everyone has rights.Absolutely.And it's been acknowledged by all the people that know, rather than all down.Everyone knows our status. Right.They know it.So it's on the record with the Ike Knight on the Supreme Court but with the Federal Court.And in the county.Right.From my name, it gives you who I am.Commercially, and as a man on the land.Both. I'm just trying to educate you not being this so you won't be English like most of you don't mention the time on him But now you now you get in your mind.Okay.I got it.I see what he's saying It's simple, so but most of them don't know that or some know and still try to be What do you call it?No, no, no, no, not honorable.Oh, the key word Just keep it honorable, like that word.Yes, but it's fitting.What we did with two governments and they're substituted.You were substituted, right, of the US government.Yes, correct.So, that's all, that's all what it is.Now, what these young, well, what they were doing, I don't know what happened.I was going to back in my house on this car when I heard shots fired.Something less than pleasurable, we'll say, like that.And which brings me back to the original point of, Because of what it is, there's no telling what they might ask of people nearby.So I understand.I'll explain it like this.Let's say if I'm running after somebody and I lose sight of them, you want to start a circle as big as you can and collapse it as you can come in.So I don't know where everything's because I wasn't even here.I don't know where everything was when it happened.Normally, we'll always go bigger as a failsafe and then once we know exactly what honing in. But the conversation that you and I had is the one that we have a lot of times because some people are just like hey, you know, just my property you can't be here And as respectfully as we have to explain is that hey, I understand that where I'm not here for forever.I'm not here to do I know what you was right and I want to I really want to have some education That's what I really want to know I appreciate that's my whole goal never to go to learn If you shouldn't be don't be unintelligent to have a vehicle ever bought to subscribe.There's no channel nine Hey Mr. Bay, should I see you again?Absolutely.Absolutely.I appreciate that conversation. You almost got it.It's time to come to cream.I was kind of surprised. I don't see.I don't see.Sorry, do we have people watching?Yes, sir.I'll sit on the side with him if he needs to. Oh, yeah.